I'm here with Bruce Straley director at
Naughty Dog today we saw some completely
new and unexpected additions to the
uncharted universe can you tell us a bit
more about them yeah cue music multi
player yeah yeah multi player
multiplayer that add a whole new
dimension to the uncharted two among
thieves universe so we have the single
player and then today we announce the
multiplayer aspects which have
competitive as well as cooperative mode
so big news for uncharted 2 co-op mode
and uncharted 2 is is facets of the
single-player experience that we've
taken those maps so it's going to be
some familiar environments from single
player but modified tweaked and
embellished for the sake of cooperative
gameplay so we've taken aspects of
single player but then added different
AI behaviors at a different mechanics
such as a revived system added new new
strategies to how you're going to take
down enemies based on the fact that
you're going to have partners with you
in the co-operative mode as well as
we're adding some it's more of a
mission-based concept so where the
single player has this overarching story
of the story of nathan drake and the
adventure that he's on and uncharted 2
which I can't talk about right now but
what we're doing is now giving you more
of a sort of slice a sliver of some
stories this is one mission that you're
on you're out to get this treasure and
you're you're coming up against
unstoppable forces essentially but you
can stop them if you cooperate so you
cooperate in more ways than just killing
more ways than just killing so you have
things like boosts you have things where
your partner one of your partners might
get choked out by a grapple guy and so
you have to take him down to save your
partner you have a revived system so
that you can actually pick your partner
up when they get taken down so there are
other aspects besides killing but
killing maiming destruction and guns are
definitely a fun part of this this whole
competitive kind of concept so it's
definitely it's a huge part of it back
to the multiplayer how many maps are
going to include today we're showing two
maps
for the competitive and one of the maps
for cooperative and we're working on
several others and we'll see in the
future how many wins up with have you
considered doing downloadable maps for
uncharted 2 yeah uncharted two among
thieves is going to support downloadable
content so there's going to be a lot of
things that we're going to be able to
embellish as far as like playlists on
the fly we can change the playlist as
well as different kinds of maps and
different kinds of unlockable characters
etc it's TBD as far as what we're
actually going to do but we're
definitely supporting DLC finally when
can we expect to play the game in our
homes uncharted two among thieves comes
out fall 2009 guaranteed epic experience
coming your way thank you cool thanks
Lee